 

Terms of use.

The Film Masters Designer Sound Effects Pack is a free to use Sound FX tool kit. 
If you like this product and would like to keep up to date with more 
free products from Film Masters make sure you subscribe 
to the channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/FilmMastersChannel

If you do use this product in any work(s) you are to abide by the following:

1.   A link to the Film Masters channel (https://www.youtube.com/c/FilmMastersChannel) 
must be accompanied to any media distributed or shared online using the product. 
E.g. if a video is created and posted onto YouTube using the Film Masters Designer Sound Effects Pack 
a link to the channel (https://www.youtube.com/c/FilmMastersChannel) must be put into 
the description section.
2.   If a short film or any other artwork is created with the Film Masters Designer Sound Effects pack the 
following must be attached into the credits of the work: 
created by: Film Masters Youtube Channel.
3.   You are not to copy the download link and paste it anywhere. No video tutorials 
showing how to use the Film Masters Designer Sound Effects Pack created by FILM MASTERS is to be made 
or hosted on any YOUTUBE CHANNEL. 
5.   DO NOT copy the files as your own and redistribute.
6.   The Film Masters Designer Sound Effects Pack artwork remains the sole property of 
FREUDENBERG FILMS sole owner being Michael Freudenberg.
7.   HAVE FUN: This product is FREE for all to use and help create new stylish work and great sound effects. 
Create, share and most of all. Have fun.

Copyright\Legal stuff.

This product remains the sole property of Michael Freudenberg (Film Masters YouTube channel) 
and is copyright under artist artwork. This product can be used for any forms of digital media
 and art form worldwide with no restrictions. The link to the download pack is not to be
 distributed anywhere. Only the link to the original video can be distributed. 

The Film Masters Designer Sound Effects Pack (all volumes) and Film Masters remain the property of FREUDENBERG FILMS and 
its owner Michael Freudenberg.

2017

